Update federation docs to use Apollo Server 4 (#2186)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/building-supergraphs/subgraphs-apollo-server.mdx

  }
};

async function startApolloServer() {
  const server = new ApolloServer({
    typeDefs,
    resolvers,
  });

  const { url } = await startStandaloneServer(server);
  console.log(`🚀  Server ready at ${url}`);
}
```

</MultiCodeBlock>

> > Above, we wrap our schema in the `gql` tag from the `graphql-tag` package, converting our schema into an AST (i.e., `DocumentNode`). We do this because the [`buildSubgraphSchema`](../api/apollo-subgraph/#buildsubgraphschema) function requires the schema we pass in to be a `DocumentNode`.

Reviewer: This is a little confusing since we're not using `buildSubgraphSchema` yet and at this state `gql` isn't required. It might be helpful to also note that this is preemptive and that Apollo Server doesn't actually have this requirement.
```suggestion
> Above, we wrap our schema in the `gql` tag from the `graphql-tag` package, converting our schema into an AST (i.e., `DocumentNode`). While Apollo Server can accept a `string` (or `DocumentNode`) for its `typeDefs`, the [`buildSubgraphSchema`](../api/apollo-subgraph/#buildsubgraphschema) function which we will use below requires the schema we pass in to be a `DocumentNode`.
```

Finally, we use the `buildSubgraphSchema` function from the `@apollo/subgraph` package to augment our schema definition with federation support. We provide the result of this function to the `ApolloServer` constructor:

```js title="index.js"
<MultiCodeBlock>

```ts title="index.ts"
const server = new ApolloServer({
  schema: buildSubgraphSchema({ typeDefs, resolvers })
});

> server.listen(4001).then(({ url }) => {

Reviewer 2: You're not replacing this, which is a bit confusing because the next section says it's just combining the examples and does have a replacement.

Author: Oh great catch, thank you! Updated to:
```ts title="index.ts"
const server = new ApolloServer({
  schema: buildSubgraphSchema({ typeDefs, resolvers })
});

// Note the top level await!
const { url } = await startStandaloneServer(server);
console.log(`🚀  Server ready at ${url}`);
```

The server is now ready to act as a subgraph in a federated graph!

### Combined example

Here are the snippets above combined (again, note that for this sample to be complete, you must define the `fetchUserById` function for your data source):

<MultiCodeBlock>

```ts title="index.ts"
const { ApolloServer } = require('@apollo/server');
const { gql } = require('graphql-tag');

> const { buildSubgraphSchema } = require('@apollo/subgraph');

Reviewer: Probably should convert to `import`s if we're switching it to TS (though it's also not incorrect as-is)

Author: Oh great catch! I converted these in the previous snippet but forgot to update the complete example. Updated!

<MultiCodeBlock>

```ts title="index.ts"
import { ApolloServer } = from '@apollo/server';
import { gql } = from 'graphql-tag';

> import { buildSubgraphSchema } = from '@apollo/subgraph';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { ApolloServer } from '@apollo/server';
import { gql } from 'graphql-tag';
import { buildSubgraphSchema } from '@apollo/subgraph';
```

> * Because directives are specific to individual subgraphs, it's valid for different subgraphs to define the _same_ directive with _different_ logic. Composition does not detect or warn about such inconsistencies.
> * If multiple subgraphs can resolve a particular field, each subgraph should almost always apply the exact same set of custom directives (with the exact same accompanying logic) to that field. Otherwise, the behavior of that field might vary depending on _which_ subgraph resolves it.

### Directives in Apollo Server 4.x and 3.x

> Apollo Server versions 3 and 4 do not provide _built-in_ support for custom directives, but you can install certain `@graphql-tools` libraries to enable support. To get started with these libraries in Apollo Server, first read [Creating schema directives](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/v3/schema/creating-directives/).

Reviewer: This link also works without the `v3` though more surprisingly to me than the previous one I mentioned since that doc no longer exists. So probably keeping the v3 here is correct, but noting my discovery in case that's interesting.

Author: Oh, bizarre! That shouldn't work. 🤔
